Don't you know Haotian, the world's top hacker?
How can I find my father?
I've been looking for a year and can't find it.
Is it useless for the president's ancestors?
How dare I not use the president
My life is still in your hands
Waiting for your treatment
I'll send you a photo of him right away.
Mom Mom Mom
Full of congenital deficiencies
I'm afraid it was inherited from his biological father
If it weren't for me all these years
Inseparable care
I'm afraid his body won't be able to hold up when he's three years old
You have a good rest here
Mom is going out to buy you something to eat?
Friend star kid
Why is this child so frail?
Extroverted chaos doesn't seem to live long
Hey, I don't have eyes.
This is not the eldest lady Zuo who was kicked out of the Zuo family
Not dead yet
It seems that you left the left house
It's really nothing
I'm actually down and delivering takeout
And you're still alive with your bastard son
The model on you should be out of season from a few years ago.
It seems that the left family is not doing well
I won't go back and add to the burden
You, Xuan Xuan
Downloaders like him
What to care about
Gigi, why don't I be a good person?
Double the price for your takeout
Yeah, 400,000
Thank you for your kindness, sister.
You are crazy about money.
200,000 takeout, you can really blow
This is the Xiaoqinglou Hotel on the second floor.
Share 3 copies a day
But this dish is 80,000 bucks
And steamed frog fish
Need goose well vine paste
This is the exclusive dish of the restaurant's premium VIP
Oh, right.
It's not impossible to feed your dog
you
Ah!
You Chen Fei
I haven't found it yet. There are few projects for Xiao Ren.
I searched all over Kyoto and there was no one
Shuai, don't rest.
What do you eat?
Won't you go to other provinces to check if you don't have it in Kyoto?
Keep looking and don't come back to me if you can't find it
Li Li Shao
Master let you go home